I stand up for what I believe in.
I feel in control of my life and future.
I feel good about myself.
I avoid things that are dangerous or unhealthy.
I enjoy reading or being read to.
I build friendships with other people.
I care about school.
I do my homework.
I stay away from tobacco, alcohol, & other drugs.
I enjoy learning.
I express my feelings in proper ways.
I feel good about my future.
I seek advice from my parents.
I deal with frustration in positive ways.
I overcome challenges in positive ways.
I think it is important to help other people.
I feel safe and secure at home.
I plan ahead and make good choices.
I resist bad influences.
I resolve conflicts without anyone getting hurt.
I feel valued and appreciated by others.
I take responsibility for what I do.
I tell the truth even when it is not easy.
I accept people who are different from me.
I feel safe at school.
I am actively engaged in learning new things.
I am developing a sense of purpose in my life.
I am encouraged to try things that might be good for me.
I am included in family tasks and decisions.
I am helping to make my community a better place.
I am involved in a religious group or activity.
I am developing good health habits.
I am encouraged to help others.
I am involved in a sport, club, or other group.
I am trying to help solve social problems.
I am given useful roles and responsibilities.
I am developing respect for other people.
I am eager to do well in school and other activities.
I am sensitive to the needs and feelings of others.
I am involved in creative things such as music, theater, or art.
I am serving others in my community.
I am spending quality time at home with parent(s).
I have friends who set good examples for me.
I have a school that gives students clear rules.
I have adults who are good role models for me.
I have a safe neighborhood.
I have parent (s) who try to help me succeed.
I have good neighbors who care about me.
I have a school that cares about kids and encourages them.
I have teachers who urge me to develop and achieve.
I have support from adults other than my parents.
I have a family that provides me with clear rules.
I have parent(s) who urge me to do well in school.
I have a family that gives me love and support.
I have neighbors who help watch out for me.
I have parent(s) who are good at talking with me about things.
I have a school that enforces rules fairly.
I have a family that knows where I am and what I am doing.